Http://blog.yam.com/rapianyo/article/42246098 rapianyo
What has been left in the dilapidated box?
I cried with a loud voice, I have lost.
Once again, there is no way to replace your existence.
This is just a doll who can’t forget to smile.
Now I open the threshold and go to the new world.
Holding the courage to move forward to face the long-lost sky
I will never lose happiness that exists in my hands.
I am afraid, please don’t show such a face.
I will not forget the relationship that is connected by the invisible line.
Sad thoughts go straight to the winter sky
The ropes that are intertwined begin to slowly unravel.
Was given the freedom to smile for the first time
Clearly hidden in the depths of the heart
Lonely but opened my eyes, I have to endure tears
Make my heart disorder an unacceptable lie
The feelings that passed to my hand are missing on my fingertips.
I can only pretend that I can't recognize this loneliness but can't put it away.
The thoughts hidden in the heart will not spread.
I am alone in the world of fantasy and nothing else.
I found you because of the dilapidated box I wanted to find the loneliness.
I will never lose happiness that exists in my hands.
I am afraid, please don’t show such a face.
I will not forget the relationship that is connected by the invisible line.
Sad thoughts go straight to the winter sky
Http://blog.yam.com/rapianyo/article/42246098 rapianyo